Update group.md (#8888)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/v1.0/resources/group.md

| :--------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Public           | Anyone can join the group without needing owner permission.<br>Anyone can view the attributes of the group.<br>Anyone can see the members of the group.                                                                                                                                                        |
| Private          | Owner permission is needed to join the group.<br>Anyone can view the attributes of the group.<br>Anyone can see the members of the group.                                                                                                                                                              |

> | HiddenMembership | Owner permission is needed to join the group.<br>Guest users cannot view the attributes of the group.<br>Non-members cannot see the members of the group. They can see group owners. <br>Administrators (global, company, user, and helpdesk) can view the membership of the group.<br>The group appears in the global address book (GAL). |

Reviewer: - Little tweak
- Update the beta doc as well

```suggestion
| HiddenMembership | Owner permission is needed to join the group.<br>Guest users cannot view the attributes of the group.<br>Non-members cannot see the members of the group. This setting doesn't affect visibility of group owners. <br>Administrators (global, company, user, and helpdesk) can view the membership of the group.<br>The group appears in the global address book (GAL). |
```
